OSDOCS-17165-backup-etcd CQA (#117074)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/creating-recurring-etcd-backups.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/control_plane_backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.adoc
// * etcd/etcd-backup-restore/etcd-backup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-recurring-etcd-backups_{context}"]
= Creating recurring automated etcd backups

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create recurring automated etcd backups by applying a custom resource (CR). Scheduled snapshots retain etcd data over time without running manual backups on a control plane host.

Reviewer: I have a similar comment here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/117074/changes#r3729800298 that applies to this abstract. 

The second sentence of this abstract appears to be "new information" about WHY someone would do this. *I like this*, but it's new information. You might be able to extract something like the following, which avoids new information: 

```suggestion
You can create recurring automated etcd backups by applying a custom resource (CR). Configure a schedule and retention policy to create snapshots automatically and retain backup data according to your requirements.
```
